A bunch more new baby animal textures
and models and more just got added in
the newest Minecraft snapshot. Here's
everything that changed. First, Mojang
made a bunch of changes to the way
worlds are saved. And hopefully there's
a good reason for this because it comes
with a downside because the data is
stored differently after you upgrade
your world to this version. You won't be
able to downgrade your world at all.
This means you can't go back in time to
get god armor anymore. And while someone
might find a way around this, it does
make it much harder. Next, Mojang
removed the baby camel husk from the
game, which is fine because you couldn't
get them in survival anyway. But it is
suspicious that they didn't remove baby
zombie and skeleton horses despite also
not being able to get them in survival.
And they even got new textures and
models recently, so I think we're bound
to get a new way to get babies of them
soon. And finally, there are new
textures for baby bees, foxes, goats,
camels, armadillos, polar bears, and
llamas. Subscribe.